When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?
A remote repository is more useful than keeping all my work local when I'm working on a project that I expect multiple people to contribute to, expect myself to update it from multiple devices, or just want to showcase it in a convenient location.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?
In case other contributors make changes that you don't necessarily want/ agree with. If they were automated to stay up to date, you may lose track or forget what the project originally looked like before others made changes. By making this process manual, you have more control over what your local copy of the project looks like. 

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?
Forks are used to make changes to other peoples' repositories without actually changing their copy: basically, a clone is made into my repository wherein I can make changes without affecting the author's version. Clones are copies of git repositories, often made from a remote repository into a local system, but it is also possible to clone locally. Branches are local offshoots from master which allow for new features to be tested, for example. See lesson 2 reflections for more details on branches.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?
Traceability; having a copy of a known state allows visual identification (mostly easily through git diff or git status) of the point of divergence in an updated repository to see where and why changes occured and to allow evaluation of these changes.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?
I would have to use email or some other form of communication to discuss with my collaborator about changes. This may make communication easier, as we'd be able to reach more clarity. However, it may be harder to visually inspect differences unless we literally worked side by side at every step of the way, and may have to transfer large files back and forth. Git and Github allow this to be automated to a certain degree and provides better UX for changes.